This is the result obtained by the command `jdeps -v -package edu.stanford.nlp.sempre *.class` at the directory contains class files. We strongly recommend you to use `grep` to find something.

**Note that this dependency does not include annotation like** `@Option public String executor = "JavaExecutor";`

```jdeps
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$CatSpan   ChartParserState$CatSpan.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               CoarseParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState CoarseParser$CoarseParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        SemanticFn$CallInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula$Mode      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           AggregateFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula$Mode      AggregateFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AllFeatureMatcher          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureMatcher             FeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$1        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          ArithmeticFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$1        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$Mode     ArithmeticFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$Mode     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          ArithmeticFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$1        ArithmeticFormula$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$Mode     ArithmeticFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           SemTypeHierarchy.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 TopSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UnionSemType               UnionSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser$Options         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 BeamParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser$Options         BeamParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            BeamParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState$Mode       BeamParserState$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                Parser$Spec.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Trie                       Trie.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState$Mode       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            BeamParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 BeamParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser$Options         BeamParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState$Mode       BeamParserState$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$ChartFillingData ChartParserState$ChartFillingData.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        SemanticFn$CallInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParserState            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Trie                       Trie.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BooleanValue               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BoundedPriorityQueue$1     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BoundedPriorityQueue       BoundedPriorityQueue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BoundedPriorityQueue       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BoundedPriorityQueue$1     BoundedPriorityQueue$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder$Options            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BeamParser                 BeamParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder$Options            Builder$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             FloatingParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                Parser$Spec.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallTypeInfo               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$CatSpan   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$ChartFillingData -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$ChartFillingData -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$CatSpan   ChartParserState$CatSpan.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$CatSpan   ChartParserState$CatSpan.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$ChartFillingData ChartParserState$ChartFillingData.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CategorySpan  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               CoarseParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               CoarseParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CategorySpan  CoarseParser$CategorySpan.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CategorySpan  CoarseParser$CategorySpan.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState CoarseParser$CoarseParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   ConcatFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn$1                 ConcatFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConcatFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 ConstantFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn$1               ConstantFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  ContextFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      ContextValue$Exchange.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   MultipleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn$1                ContextFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextFn                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      ContextValue$Exchange.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             KnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$2                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$2                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$GroupInfo          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$GroupInfo          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$Options            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$1                  Dataset$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$2                  Dataset$2.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$GroupInfo          Dataset$GroupInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$Options            Dataset$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            Example$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             KnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        NaiveKnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     DateFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn$1                   DateFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DenotationFeatureMatcher   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureMatcher             FeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivInfo                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivInfo                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer$Options -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer DerivOpCountFeatureComputer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer$Options DerivOpCountFeatureComputer$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureComputer            FeatureComputer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivOpCountFeatureComputer -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$CompatibilityDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Options         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$ScoredDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AllFeatureMatcher          AllFeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$CompatibilityDerivationComparator Derivation$CompatibilityDerivationComparator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Options         Derivation$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$ScoredDerivationComparator Derivation$ScoredDerivationComparator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExactFeatureMatcher        ExactFeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureMatcher             FeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.HasScore                   HasScore.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  ListValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner$Options   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           DerivationPruner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           AggregateFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner$Options   DerivationPruner$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruningComputer  DerivationPruningComputer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  ListValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         SuperlativeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruningComputer  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruningComputer  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           DerivationPruner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DescriptionValue           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BadFormulaException        BadFormulaException.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExactFeatureMatcher        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureMatcher             FeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExactValueEvaluator        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExactValueEvaluator        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            Example$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           LanguageAnalyzer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    TargetValuePreprocessor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset$Options            Dataset$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureComputer            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureComputer            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor$Options   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CanonicalNames             CanonicalNames.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureComputer            FeatureComputer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor$Options   FeatureExtractor$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           LanguageAnalyzer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$DependencyEdge LanguageInfo$DependencyEdge.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  ListValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           SemTypeHierarchy.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector$Options      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AllFeatureMatcher          AllFeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureMatcher             FeatureMatcher.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector$Options      FeatureVector$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            FilterNerSpanFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn$1          FilterNerSpanFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterNerSpanFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             FilterPosTagFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn$1           FilterPosTagFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterPosTagFn             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         FilterSpanLengthFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn$1       FilterSpanLengthFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterSpanLengthFn         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              FilterTokenFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn$1            FilterTokenFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FilterTokenFn              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureComputer            FeatureComputer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingFeatureComputer    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser$Options     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             FloatingParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser$Options     FloatingParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        FloatingParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                Parser$Spec.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationPruner           DerivationPruner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             FloatingParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser$Options     FloatingParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingRuleUtils          FloatingRuleUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                FuncSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        SemanticFn$CallInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParserState        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingRuleUtils          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingRuleUtils          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrimitiveFormula           PrimitiveFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula$1                  Formula$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FormulaMatchExecutor       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.VariableFormula            VariableFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$2                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$2                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$3                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$3                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$3                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                JoinFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$3                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           AggregateFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula$Mode      AggregateFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          ArithmeticFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula$Mode     ArithmeticFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                CallFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CanonicalNames             CanonicalNames.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$1                 Formulas$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$2                 Formulas$2.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas$3                 Formulas$3.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                JoinFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MarkFormula                MarkFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula$Mode          MergeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NotFormula                 NotFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrimitiveFormula           PrimitiveFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReverseFormula             ReverseFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         SuperlativeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula$Mode    SuperlativeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.VariableFormula            VariableFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              AtomicSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 TopSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               FuzzyMatchFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               FuzzyMatchFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$Options       FuzzyMatchFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             KnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   MultipleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$Options       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               FuzzyMatchFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs FuzzyMatchFn$LazyFuzzyMatchFnDerivs.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$Options       FuzzyMatchFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar$Options            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 ConstantFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar$Options            Grammar$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     JoinFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   SelectFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 IdentityFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn$1               IdentityFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityTargetValuePreprocessor -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    TargetValuePreprocessor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityTargetValuePreprocessor -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               JavaExecutor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$Options       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               JavaExecutor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BooleanValue               BooleanValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                CallFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions JavaExecutor$BasicFunctions.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor$Options       JavaExecutor$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  ListValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JavaExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              AtomicSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 ConstantFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     JoinFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$Options             JoinFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                JoinFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   MultipleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           SemTypeHierarchy.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        SemanticFn$CallInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Options         SemanticFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 TopSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UnionSemType               UnionSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$Options             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     JoinFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ConstantFn                 ConstantFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs    JoinFn$LazyJoinFnDerivs.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn$Options             JoinFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BadFormulaException        BadFormulaException.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               FuzzyMatchFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        NaiveKnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer$Options   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           LanguageAnalyzer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer$Options   LanguageAnalyzer$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$DependencyEdge -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$LanguageUtils -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$LanguageUtils -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$WordInfo      LanguageInfo$WordInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$WordInfo      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$DependencyEdge LanguageInfo$DependencyEdge.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$LanguageUtils LanguageInfo$LanguageUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo$WordInfo      LanguageInfo$WordInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner$Options            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    Learner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder$Options            Builder$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ExampleUtils               ExampleUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner$Options            Learner$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListParserAgenda           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListParserAgenda           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    Learner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     Master.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Main                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     Server.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MarkFormula                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Options             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     Master.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     Master.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Builder                    Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Dataset                    Dataset.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example$Builder            Example$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             KnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Learner                    Learner.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Options             Master$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            Master$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        NaiveKnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    Session.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    MergeFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$Options            MergeFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula$Mode          MergeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Options         SemanticFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$Options            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    MergeFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$1                  MergeFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn$Options            MergeFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula$Mode          MergeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFn                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula$Mode          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula$Mode          MergeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        NaiveKnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn               FuzzyMatchFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode FuzzyMatchFn$FuzzyMatchFnMode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.KnowledgeGraph             KnowledgeGraph.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple NaiveKnowledgeGraph$KnowledgeGraphTriple.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NaiveKnowledgeGraph        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NotFormula                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullExecutor               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullTypeLookup             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NullTypeLookup             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeLookup                 TypeLookup.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   NumberFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$Options           NumberFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$Options           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   NumberFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$1                 NumberFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn$Options           NumberFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params$L1Reg               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params$Options             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params$L1Reg               Params$L1Reg.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params$Options             Params$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor$Response          Executor$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                Parser$Spec.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$1              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$1              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$CustomExpectedCount ParserState$CustomExpectedCount.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$CustomExpectedCount -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$Options        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$Options        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$CustomExpectedCount ParserState$CustomExpectedCount.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$1              ParserState$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$CustomExpectedCount ParserState$CustomExpectedCount.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState$Options        ParserState$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrimitiveFormula           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.HasScore                   HasScore.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.QueueParserAgenda          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.QueueParserAgenda          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser$Options -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               CoarseParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Grammar                    Grammar.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Spec                Parser$Spec.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser$Options ReinforcementParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$1 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler ReinforcementParserState$Sampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementUtils         ReinforcementUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFn                     JoinFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler ReinforcementParserState$Sampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivInfo                  DerivInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser$Options ReinforcementParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler ReinforcementParserState$Sampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementUtils         ReinforcementUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$NecessaryDeriv -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivInfo                  DerivInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$NecessaryDeriv ReinforcementParserState$NecessaryDeriv.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   ReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$1 ReinforcementParserState$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AbstractReinforcementParserState AbstractReinforcementParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState           ChartParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ChartParserState$ChartFillingData ChartParserState$ChartFillingData.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser               CoarseParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CoarseParser$CoarseParserState CoarseParser$CoarseParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Executor                   Executor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListParserAgenda           ListParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser                     Parser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Parser$Options             Parser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserState                ParserState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrioritizedDerivationStream PrioritizedDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.QueueParserAgenda          QueueParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser        ReinforcementParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParser$Options ReinforcementParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$1 ReinforcementParserState$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler ReinforcementParserState$AgendaSampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator ReinforcementParserState$CorrectDerivationComparator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler ReinforcementParserState$MaxSampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler ReinforcementParserState$MultiplicativeProposalSampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$NecessaryDeriv ReinforcementParserState$NecessaryDeriv.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo ReinforcementParserState$OracleInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$Sampler ReinforcementParserState$Sampler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder ReinforcementParserState$StateBuilder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementUtils         ReinforcementUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementParserState   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             ValueEvaluator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementUtils         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.HasScore                   HasScore.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReinforcementUtils         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ParserAgenda               ParserAgenda.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReverseFormula             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser             FloatingParser.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FloatingParser$Options     FloatingParser$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   SelectFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$Options           SelectFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$Options           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   SelectFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$1                 SelectFn$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn$Options           SelectFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SelectFn                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AtomicSemType              AtomicSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CanonicalNames             CanonicalNames.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                FuncSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 TopSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UnionSemType               UnionSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy$Options   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           SemTypeHierarchy.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CanonicalNames             CanonicalNames.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy           -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemTypeHierarchy$Options   SemTypeHierarchy$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Options         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$CallInfo        SemanticFn$CallInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Options         SemanticFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState$CandidatePredicates -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState$CandidatePredicates -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     Server.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState$CandidatePredicates -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       Server$ExchangeState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      ContextValue$Exchange.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     Master.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master$Response            Master$Response.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Params                     Params.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SecureIdentifiers          SecureIdentifiers.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     Server.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState$CandidatePredicates Server$ExchangeState$CandidatePredicates.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Options             Server$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    Session.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TableValue                 TableValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UriValue                   UriValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Handler             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     Server.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Handler             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       Server$ExchangeState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Options             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     Server.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Master                     Master.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$ExchangeState       Server$ExchangeState.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Handler             Server$Handler.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Server$Options             Server$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue$Exchange      ContextValue$Exchange.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Session                    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleAnalyzer             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer           LanguageAnalyzer.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleAnalyzer             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageAnalyzer$Options   LanguageAnalyzer$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleAnalyzer             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LanguageInfo               LanguageInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              SimpleLexicon.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Options      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              SimpleLexicon.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Json                       Json.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        SimpleLexicon$Entry.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Options      SimpleLexicon$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation$Builder         Derivation$Builder.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureExtractor           FeatureExtractor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FeatureVector              FeatureVector.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MultipleDerivationStream   MultipleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Options         SemanticFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              SimpleLexicon.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        SimpleLexicon$Entry.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            SimpleLexiconFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$Options    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            SimpleLexiconFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Example                    Example.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn                 SemanticFn.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemanticFn$Callable        SemanticFn$Callable.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon              SimpleLexicon.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexicon$Entry        SimpleLexicon$Entry.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream SimpleLexiconFn$MyDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SimpleLexiconFn$Options    SimpleLexiconFn$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream$1   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream$1   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     SingleDerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Derivation                 Derivation.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DerivationStream           DerivationStream.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SingleDerivationStream$1   SingleDerivationStream$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula$Mode    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         SuperlativeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula$Mode    SuperlativeFormula$Mode.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TableValue                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TableValue                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor$Options -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    TargetValuePreprocessor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.IdentityTargetValuePreprocessor IdentityTargetValuePreprocessor.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor$Options TargetValuePreprocessor$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TargetValuePreprocessor    -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TimeValue                  -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Trie                       -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Rule                       Rule.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$1            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Env          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Env          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Env          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Options      TypeInference$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Env          -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeLookup                 TypeLookup.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Options      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$TypeException -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              TypeInference.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$TypeException -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$1            TypeInference$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.AggregateFormula           AggregateFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ArithmeticFormula          ArithmeticFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallFormula                CallFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CallTypeInfo               CallTypeInfo.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.CanonicalNames             CanonicalNames.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formula                    Formula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Formulas                   Formulas.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.FuncSemType                FuncSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.JoinFormula                JoinFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.LambdaFormula              LambdaFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MarkFormula                MarkFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.MergeFormula               MergeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NotFormula                 NotFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ReverseFormula             ReverseFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SempreUtils                SempreUtils.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SuperlativeFormula         SuperlativeFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TimeValue                  TimeValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$1            TypeInference$1.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Env          TypeInference$Env.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$Options      TypeInference$Options.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference$TypeException TypeInference$TypeException.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeLookup                 TypeLookup.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               ValueFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeInference              -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.VariableFormula            VariableFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TypeLookup                 -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UnionSemType               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.SemType                    SemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UnionSemType               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TopSemType                 TopSemType.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UriValue                   -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value$ValueComparator      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value$ValueComparator      Value$ValueComparator.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     Values.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueEvaluator             -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrimitiveFormula           PrimitiveFormula.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ValueFormula               -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.BooleanValue               BooleanValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ContextValue               ContextValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DateValue                  DateValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.DescriptionValue           DescriptionValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ErrorValue                 ErrorValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.ListValue                  ListValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NameValue                  NameValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.NumberValue                NumberValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.StringValue                StringValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TableValue                 TableValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.TimeValue                  TimeValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.UriValue                   UriValue.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Values                     -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.Value                      Value.class
edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.VariableFormula            -> edu.stanford.nlp.sempre.PrimitiveFormula           PrimitiveFormula.class
```

